boards: riscv32: Add arty_bm310 board. (#11144)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: boards/riscv32/arty_bm310/doc/arty_bm310.rst

.. _arty_bm310:

CloudBEAR BM-310

> ##############

Reviewer: Title underline needs to be at least as long as the title, so add a couple more ``##``'s

Overview
********

The CloudBEAR BM-310 is CloudBEAR IP design for Artix-7 35T Arty FPGA.
More information about BM-310 can be found on
`CloudBEAR's website <https://www.cloudbear.ru/bm_310.html>`_.

Programming and debugging
*************************

Building
========

> Applications for the ``BM-310`` board configuration can be built as usual

Reviewer: How about replacing these two sentences with:

    Applications for the BM-310 board can be built as usual
    (see :ref:`build_an_application`), using the ``arty_bm310`` board configuration:

Author: @dbkinder I agree It's better.

(see :ref:`build_an_application`).
In order to build the application for ``BM-310``, set the ``BOARD`` variable
to ``arty_bm310``.

.. code-block:: bash

   export BOARD="arty_bm310"

Flashing
========

> In order to upload the application to the device, you'll need OpenOCD

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Upload your application to the BM-310 board using OpenOCD
```

and GDB with RISC-V support.
Download and installation instructions can be found in the
`RISC-V OpenOCD GitHub repository
<https://github.com/riscv/riscv-openocd>`_ and
`RISC-V GDB GitHub repository
<https://github.com/riscv/riscv-binutils-gdb>`_ respectively.

> With the necessary tools installed, you can connect to the board using OpenOCD.

Reviewer: Change to:

    With the necessary tools installed, establish an OpenOCD connection
    to the board using:

To establish an OpenOCD connection run:

.. code-block:: bash

   # assuming that the location of the openocd is in PATH
   sudo openocd -f your-openocd.cfg

> Leave it running, and in a different terminal, use GDB to upload the binary to

Reviewer: Change to:

    Leave the OpenOCD session running, and in a different terminal,
    use GDB to connect to the device, load the binary, and run the sample:
and start it running:
